README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <a href="#"><img src="logo-linna-96.png" alt="Linna Logo"></a>
</div>

<br/>

<div align="center">
    <a href="#"><img src="logo-http-message.png" alt="Linna dotenv Logo"></a>
</div>

<br/>

<div align="center">

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/linna/http-message.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/linna/http-message)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/linna/http-message/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/linna/http-message/?branch=master)
[![Code Coverage](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/linna/http-message/badges/coverage.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/linna/http-message/?branch=master)
[![StyleCI](https://github.styleci.io/repos/96924222/shield?branch=master&style=flat)](https://github.styleci.io/repos/96924222)
[![PHP 7.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-7.1-8892BF.svg)](http://php.net)

</div>

# About
This package provide a implementations for [PSR-7 HTTP message interfaces](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/blob/master/accepted/PSR-7-http-message.md). Instead of
standard psr http message, classes in package use a [strict typed fork](https://github.com/s3b4stian/http-message).

# Status of the work
Uri class work, but there are some adjustament to do.

# Requirements
This package require php 7.1

# Installation
With composer:
```
composer require linna/http-message
```

Commit message:

Stream class ad tests updated

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <a href="#"><img src="logo-linna-96.png" alt="Linna Logo"></a>
</div>

<br/>

<div align="center">
    <a href="#"><img src="logo-http-message.png" alt="Linna dotenv Logo"></a>
</div>

<br/>

<div align="center">

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/linna/http-message.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/linna/http-message)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/linna/http-message/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/linna/http-message/?branch=master)
[![Code Coverage](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/linna/http-message/badges/coverage.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/linna/http-message/?branch=master)
[![StyleCI](https://github.styleci.io/repos/96924222/shield?branch=master&style=flat)](https://github.styleci.io/repos/96924222)
[![PHP 7.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-7.1-8892BF.svg)](http://php.net)

</div>

# About
This package provide a implementations for [PSR-7 HTTP message interfaces](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/blob/master/accepted/PSR-7-http-message.md). Instead of
standard psr http message, classes in package use a [strict typed fork](https://github.com/s3b4stian/http-message).

# Status of the work
Uri and Stream classes works, working on others :)

# Requirements
This package require php 7.1

# Installation
With composer:
```
composer require linna/http-message
```
